.\" WildMidi_GetOutput.3
.\" 
.\" Midi Wavetable Processing library
.\"
.\" Copyright (C)2001-2008 Chris Ison
.\" 
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\" 
.\" Email: cisos@bigpond.net.au
.\" 	wildcode@users.sourceforge.net
.\" 
.\"	$Id: WildMidi_GetOutput.3,v 1.2 2008/05/19 03:47:29 wildcode Exp $
.\"
.TH WildMidi_GetOutput 3 2008-05-19 "" "WildMidi Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
WildMidi_GetOutput \- retrieve raw audio data
.SH LIBRARY
.B libWildMidi
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <wildmidi_lib.h>
.sp
.BI "int WildMidi_GetOutput (midi * " handle, " char * " buffer, " unsigned long int " size);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Places 
.BRsize
bytes of audio data from the a previously opened midi 
.BR handle 
into a buffer pointer to by 
.BR buffer.
.sp
.BR size
needs to be a multiple of 4 as the data is stored in 16bit interleaved stereo format.
.sp
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Returns -1 on error, 0 when there is no more audio data, or then number of bytes of audio data writen to
.BR buffer.
.sp
NOTE: if the return value is less than the size you gave, this does not denote an error, it simply means the lib reached the end of the midi before it could fill the buffer.
.SH SEE ALSO
.Xr WildMidi_GetString 3 ,
.Xr WildMidi_Init 3 ,
.Xr WildMidi_MasterVolume 3 ,
.Xr WildMidi_Open 3 ,
.Xr WildMidi_OpenBuffer 3 ,
.Xr WildMidi_SetOption 3 ,
.Xr WildMidi_GetInfo 3 ,
.Xr WildMidi_FastSeek 3 ,
.Xr WildMidi_Close 3 ,
.Xr WildMidi_Shutdown 3
