.TH WildMIDI_GetInfo 3 "January 2009" WildMIDI "Programming Manual"
.SH NAME
WildMidi_GetInfo -\ Retrieve information about the associated midi.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <wildmidi_lib.h>
.
.B struct _WM_Info * WildMidi_GetInfo ( midi * 
.I handle );
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B WildMIDI_GetInfo()
Retrieves stored information about the associated midi
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B handle
The identifier returned by a previous
.BR WildMidi_Open (3)
or 
.BR WildMidi_OpenBuffer (3)
.SH RETURN VALUE
.TP
.B NULL
On Error
.TP
Otherwise a pointer to a struct containing information about the currently playing file.
.
.RS
. struct _WM_Info {
.     unsigned long int current_sample;
.     unsigned long int approx_total_samples;
.     unsigned short int mixer_options;
. }
.
.TP
.B current_sample
Number of samples that has been used to sample the midi.
.TP
.B approx_total_samples
An estimated count of the total samples that would be used to sample the midi.
.TP
.B mixer_options
Contains which mixer options are active. See
.BR WildMidi_Init (3)
.RE
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.TP
.B NULL handle
NULL identifier was passed.
.TP
.B to set info
something is eating the ram
.SH BUGS
Do Not rely on approx_total_samples to identify when to stop playing as this often inaccurate. Please use
.BR WildMidi_GetOutput (3)
instead.
.SH AUTHOR
Chris Ison <wildcode at users.sourceforge.net>
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wildmidi.cfg (5),
.BR WildMidi_Init (3),
.BR WildMidi_GetString (3),
.BR WildMidi_MasterVolume (3),
.BR WildMidi_Open (3),
.BR WildMidi_OpenBuffer (3),
.BR WildMidi_LoadSamples (3),
.BR WildMidi_GetOutput (3),
.BR WildMidi_SetOption (3),
.BR WildMidi_GetInfo (3),
.BR WildMidi_FastSeek (3),
.BR WildMidi_SampledSeek (3),
.BR WildMidi_Close (3),
.BR WildMidi_Shutdown (3)


