.TH wildmidi 1 "12 July 2026" "" "WildMidi Player"
.SH NAME
wildmidi \- example player for libWildMidi
.PP
.SH LIBRARY
.B libWildMidi
.PP
.SH FILES
.B /etc/wildmidi/wildmidi.cfg
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wildmidi [\-0abehlnstvO] [\-c \fIconfig\-file\fB] [\-d \fIaudiodev\fB] [\-m \fIvolume\-level\fB] [\-P \fIplayback\-output\fB] [\-o \fIfile\fB] [\-f \fIfrequency\-Hz(MUS)\fB] [\-r \fIsample-rate\fB] [\-g \fIconvert-xmi-type\fB] [\-i \fIseconds\fB] [\-j \fIseconds\fB] \fImidifile ...
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a demonstration program to show the capabilities of libWildMidi.
.PP
\fImidifile\fP can be a MIDI type file in the HMI, HMP, MIDI, MUS or XMI formats and is processed by libWildMidi and the resulting audio is output by the player.
.PP
You can have more than one \fImidifile\fP on the command line and \fBwildmidi\fP will pass them to libWildMidi for processing, one after the other. You can also use wildcards, for example: \fBwildmidi *.mid\fP
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-0\fP"
When converting with \fB\-x\fP, save files detected as type 2 MIDI compatible as type 0 files.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-a\fP | \fB\-\-textaslyric\fP"
Some files store their lyrics in text meta events. Read lyrics from there instead of lyric meta events.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-b\fP | \fB\-\-reverb\fP"
Turns on an 8 point reverb engine that adds depth to the final mix.
.P
.IP "\fB\-c\fP \fIconfig\-file\fP | \fB\-\-config\fP \fIconfig\-file\fP"
Uses the configuration file stated by \fIconfig\-file\fP instead of /etc/wildmidi/wildmidi.cfg. \fIconfig\-file\fP may also be a SoundFont2 (.sf2) file, or a timidity.cfg style file using the \fBsoundfont\fP directive; the file type is detected by content, not extension.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-d\fP \fIaudiodev\fP | \fB\-\-device=\fIaudiodev\fP"
Send audio to \fIaudiodev\fP instead of the default device.
  alsa   : defaults to the system "default"
  oss    : defaults to "/dev/dsp"
  netbsd : defaults to "/dev/audio"
  Other environments do not support this option.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-e\fP | \fB\-\-enhanced\fP"
Use enhanced (Gauss) resampling for a richer sound at the cost of extra CPU usage.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-h\fP | \fB\-\-help\fP"
Displays command line options.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-f\fP | \fB\-\-frequency\fP"
Use frequency F Hz for playback (MUS).
.PP
.IP "\fB\-g\fP | \fB\-\-convert\fP"
Convert XMI: 0 - No Conversion (default)
             1 - MT32 to GM
             2 - MT32 to GS
.PP
.IP "\fB\-i\fP \fIseconds\fP | \fB\-\-playfrom=\fIseconds\fP"
Begin playback at \fIseconds\fP (fractions allowed) into the file.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-j\fP \fIseconds\fP | \fB\-\-playto=\fIseconds\fP"
Stop playback at \fIseconds\fP (fractions allowed) into the file.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-l\fP | \fB\-\-log_vol\fP"
Some MIDI files have been recorded on hardware that uses a volume curve, making them sound really badly mixed on other MIDI devices. Use this option to use volume curves.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-m\fP \fIvolume\-level\fP | \fB\-\-mastervol=\fIvolume\-level\fP"
Set the overall volume level to \fIvolume\-level\fP. The minimum is 0 and the maximum is 127, with the default being 100.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-P\fP \fIplayback\-output\fP | \fB\-\-playback=\fIplayback\-output\fP"
Set \fIplayback\-output\fP as playback output. See \fB\--help\fP output for available playbacks.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-o\fP \fIfile\fP | \fB\-\-wavout=\fIfile\fP"
Records output to a signed 16 bit stereo format \fIwav file\fP. Implies: \fB\-P wave\fP
.PP
.IP "\fB\-O\fP | \fB\-\-opl3\fP"
Use the built\-in OPL3 FM synthesizer. No configuration file, GUS patch set or SoundFont is needed.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-r\fP \fIsndrate\fP | \fB\-\-rate=\fIsndrate\fP"
Set the audio output rate to \fIsndrate\fP. The default rate is 32072.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-n\fP | \fB\-\-roundtempo\fP"
Round tempo to nearest whole number.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-s\fP | \fB\-\-skipsilentstart\fP"
Skips any silence at the start of playback.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-v\fP | \fB\-\-version\fP"
Display version and copyright information.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-x\fP | \fB\-\-tomidi\fP"
Convert a MUS, XMI, HMP or HMI file to midi and save to file.
.PP
.SH TEST OPTIONS
These options are not designed for general use. Instead these options are designed to make it easier to listen to specific sound samples.
.PP
Note: These options are not displayed by \fB\-h\fP | \fB\-\-help\fP
.PP
.IP "\fB-k\fP \fIN\fP | \fB\-\-test_bank=\fIN\fP"
Set the test bank to \fIN\fP. Range is 0 to 127.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-p\fP \fIN\fP | \fB\-\-test_patch=\fIN\fP"
Set the test patch to \fIN\fP. Range is 0 to 127.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-t\fP | \fB\-\-test_midi\fP"
Plays the built in test midi which plays all 127 notes.
.PP
.SH USER INTERFACE
The player accepts limited user input that allows some interaction while playing midi files.
.PP
.IP \fB\+\fP
Turns the master volume up.
.PP
.IP \fB\-\fP
Turns the master volume down.
.PP
.IP \fBe\fP
Turns enhanced resampling on and off.
.PP
.IP \fBl\fP
Turns volume curves on and off.
.PP
.IP \fBr\fP
Turns the final mix reverb on and off.
.PP
.IP \fBn\fP
Play the next midi on the command line.
.PP
.IP \fBm\fP
Save the currently playing file to a midi file. NOTE: This saves to the current directory.
.PP
.IP \fBp\fP
Pause the playback. Note: since the audio is buffered it will stop when the audio buffer is empty.
.PP
.IP \fB.\fP
Seek forward 1 second. Note: Clears active midi events and will only play midi events from after the new position.
.PP
.IP \fB,\fP
Seek backwards 1 second. Note: Clears active midi events and will only play midi events from after the new position.
.PP
.IP \fBq\fP
Quit wildmidi.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wildmidi.cfg (5)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Chris Ison <chrisisonwildcode@gmail.com>
Bret Curtis <psi29a@gmail.com>
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) WildMidi Developers 2001\-2026
.PP
This file is part of WildMIDI.
.PP
WildMIDI is free software: you can redistribute and/or modify the player under the terms of the GNU General Public License and you can redistribute and/or modify the library under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the licenses, or(at your option) any later version.
.PP
WildMIDI is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License along with WildMIDI. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.PP
This manpage is licensed under the Creative Commons AttributionShare Alike 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, 171 Second Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, California, 94105, USA.
.PP
