.TH WildMidi_SetCvtOption 3 "10 March 2016" "" "WildMidi Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
WildMidi_SetCvtOption \- Set a conversion option for a specific midi
.PP
.SH LIBRARY
.B libWildMidi
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <wildmidi_lib.h>
.PP
.B int WildMidi_SetCvtOption (uint16_t *\fItag\fP, uint16_t \fIsetting\fP)
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Set a conversion option for a specific midi.
.PP
.B \fItag\fP
The type of option you wish to change.
.PP
.RS
.IP WM_CO_XMI_TYPE
The the conversion type of an XMI to MIDI.
.PP
.IP WM_CO_FREQUENCY
The frequency to be used for a MUS file.
.PP
.RE
.IP \fIsetting\fP
Value for the particular tag.
.PP
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Returns \-1 on error, otherwise returns 0.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR WildMidi_GetVersion (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Init (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_MasterVolume (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Open (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_OpenBuffer (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_SetCvtOption (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetOutput (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetMidiOutput (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetInfo (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_FastSeek (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Close (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Shutdown (3) ,
.BR wildmidi.cfg (5)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Chris Ison <chrisisonwildcode@gmail.com>
Bret Curtis <psi29a@gmail.com>
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) WildMidi Developers 2001\-2016
.PP
This file is part of WildMIDI.
.PP
WildMIDI is free software: you can redistribute and/or modify the player under the terms of the GNU General Public License and you can redistribute and/or modify the library under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the licenses, or(at your option) any later version.
.PP
WildMIDI is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License along with WildMIDI. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.PP
This manpage is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution\-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, 171 Second Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, California, 94105, USA.
.PP
