.TH WildMidi_GetLyric 3 "10 March 2016" "" "WildMidi Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
WildMidi_GetLyric \- get lyrics of a midi
.SH LIBRARY
.B libWildMidi
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <wildmidi_lib.h>
.PP
.B char *WildMidi_GetLyric (midi *\fIhandle\fP);
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Returns a pointer to a nul terminated string that contains the data contained in the last read lyric or text meta event.
Or returns NULL if no lyric is waiting to be read.
.PP
.IP \fIhandle\fP
The identifier obtained from opening a midi file with \fBWildMidi_Open\fR(3)\fP or \fBWildMidi_OpenBuffer\fR(3)\fP
.PP
.SH RETURN VALUE
On error returns NULL with an error message displayed to stderr.
.PP
Otherwise returns a pointer to a *char containing the lyric data.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR WildMidi_GetVersion (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Init (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_MasterVolume (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Open (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_OpenBuffer (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_SetOption (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetOutput (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetMidiOutput (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_FastSeek (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Close (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Shutdown (3) ,
.BR wildmidi.cfg (5)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Chris Ison <chrisisonwildcode@gmail.com>
Bret Curtis <psi29a@gmail.com>
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) WildMidi Developers 2001\-2016
.PP
This file is part of WildMIDI.
.PP
WildMIDI is free software: you can redistribute and/or modify the player under the terms of the GNU General Public License and you can redistribute and/or modify the library under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the licenses, or(at your option) any later version.
.PP
WildMIDI is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License along with WildMIDI. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.PP
This manpage is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution\-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, 171 Second Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, California, 94105, USA.
.PP
