.TH WildMidi_GetMidiOutput 3 "10 March 2016" "" "WildMidi Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
WildMidi_GetMidiOutput \- get a midi file of a file being processed.
.SH LIBRARY
.B libWildMidi
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <wildmidi_lib.h>
.PP
.B int WildMidi_GetMidiOutput (midi *\fIhandle\fP, int8_t **\fIbuffer\fP, uint32_t *\fIsize\fP)
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Writes the midi\-format data from the file being processed to the memory location pointed to by \fIbuffer\fP. The data will be in type-0 format for type-0 and type-1 files.  For type-2 files, the data will be in type-2 format unless the WM_MO_SAVEASTYPE0 option is set.
.PP
.IP \fIhandle\fP
The identifier obtained from opening a file with \fBWildMidi_Open\fR(3)\fP or \fBWildMidi_OpenBuffer\fR(3)\fP
.PP
.IP \fIbuffer\fP
The memory location where libWildMidi is to store the midi data from the \fIhandle\fP. The \fIbuffer\fP will be allocated with \fBmalloc\fP() and must be \fBfree\fP()d by the caller when it is no longer needed.
.PP
.IP \fIsize\fP
The location where libWildMidi is to store the size of the midi data stored in \fIbuffer\fP.
.PP
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Returns \-1 on error otherwise returns 0
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR WildMidi_GetVersion (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Init (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_MasterVolume (3),
.BR WildMidi_Open (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_OpenBuffer (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_SetOption (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetOutput (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetInfo (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_FastSeek (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Close (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Shutdown (3),
.BR wildmidi.cfg (5)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Chris Ison <chrisisonwildcode@gmail.com>
Bret Curtis <psi29a@gmail.com>
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) WildMidi Developers 2001\-2016
.PP
This file is part of WildMIDI.
.PP
WildMIDI is free software: you can redistribute and/or modify the player under the terms of the GNU General Public License and you can redistribute and/or modify the library under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the licenses, or(at your option) any later version.
.PP
WildMIDI is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License along with WildMIDI. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.PP
This manpage is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution\-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, 171 Second Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, California, 94105, USA.
.PP
