.TH WildMidi_OpenBuffer 3 2010-06-03 "" "WildMidi Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
WildMidi_OpenBuffer \- Open a midi file buffer for processing
.SH LIBRARY
.B libWildMidi
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <wildmidi_lib.h>
.sp
.BI "midi * WildMidi_OpenBuffer (unsigned char * " midibuffer " , unsigned long int " size);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Open a midi file, that you have buffered in memory, for processing. The buffer needs to be in midi file format. Once passed WildMidi owns that buffer, any changes to the buffer will result in corutpion of the data within the lib. WildMidi will also free the buffer when its finished. So, set and forget, or suffer the evils that lay hidden within.
.sp
.BR midibuffer
is a pointer to the buffer and
.BR size
is the size of the buffer in bytes.
.sp
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Returns NULL on error, otherwise returns a handle for the midi buffer opened.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR WildMidi_GetString (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Init (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_MasterVolume (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Open (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_OpenBuffer (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_SetOption (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetOutput (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetInfo (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_FastSeek (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_SampledSeek (3),
.BR WildMidi_Close (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Shutdown (3),
.BR wildmidi (1),
.BR wildmidi.cfg (5)
.SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
Chris Ison <wildcode@users.sourceforge.net>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2001-2010 Chris Ison
.sp
This file is part of WildMIDI.
.sp
WildMIDI is free software: you can redistribute and/or modify the player under the terms of the GNU General Public License and you can redistribute and/or modify the library under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the licenses, or(at your option) any later version.
.sp
WildMIDI is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.sp
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License along with WildMIDI. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.sp
