.TH wildmidi.cfg 5 "05 June 2010" "" "WildMidi Config File"
.SH NAME
wildmidi.cfg \- Config file for libWildMidi
.PP
.SH LIBRARY
.B libWildMidi
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Contains the patch configuration for libWildMidi and location of Gravis Ultrasound compatable patch files.
.PP
.nf
dir ~/guspats/

source /etc/wildmidi.cfg

bank 0
0 acpiano.pat amp=110 env_time4=300
1 brpiano.pat amp=100

drumset 0
25 snarerol keep=env amp=225 note=60
26 snap	note=65
.fi
.PP
.SH SYNTAX
.IP "\fBdir\fP \fIdir\-name\fP"
Change the search path for config and patch files to \fIdir\-name\fP. This is specific to the current config file and carried to any included config file unless they have their own \fBdir\fP setting. Any included file that has its own \fBdir\fP setting does not effect the \fBdir\fP setting of the current config file.
.PP
.IP "\fBsource\fP \fIinclude\-confg\fP"
Include the settings from \fIinclude\-config\fP. Any patch already set will be over\-ridden by the included config file.
.PP
.IP "\fBbank\fP \fIN\fP"
The patches following this setting belong to MIDI instrument bank \fIN\fP.
.PP
.IP "\fBdrumset\fP \fIN\fP"
The patches following this setting belong to MIDI drum bank \fIN\fP.
.PP
.IP "\fIpatchno\fP \fIpatchfile\fP [\fBamp=\fP\fIvolume\fP] [\fBnote=\fP\fImiodinte\fP] [\fBkeep=loop\fP] [\fBkeep=env\fP] [\fBremove=sustain\fP] [\fBenv_level\fP[\fI0-5\fP]\fB=\fP\fIlevel\fP] [\fBenv_time\fP[\fI0-5\fP]\fB=\fP\fItime\fP]"
.PP
Example: 0 acpiano.pat amp=110
.PP
.RS
.PI "\fIpatchno\fP"
This is the MIDI patch number the instrument belongs to.
.PP
.PI "\fIpatchfile\fP"
The filename of the Gravis Ulstrasound compatable patch file. If the filename is missing the .pat extention, libWildMidi will add .pat when attempting to load the file.
.PP
.IP "\fBamp=\fP\fIvolume\fP"
Force the volume of the samples in this patch to \fIvolume\fP prior to using it.
.PP
.IP "\fBnote=\fP\fImidinote\fP"
Use note \fImidinote\fP when playing the samples in this patch. NOTE: this is for instruments listed under drumset.
.PP
.IP "\fBkeep=loop\fP"
Play the samples in this patch with the loop, when normally we would not.
.PP
.IP "\fBkeep=env\fP"
Use the envelope data in this patch, when normally we wouldn't.
.PP
.IP "\fBremove=sustain\fP"
Remove the sustain envelope from this patch.
.PP
.IP "\fBenv_level\fP[\fI0-5\fP]\fB=\fP\fIlevel\fP"
Set the envelope level to \fIlevel\fP with 1.0 being maximum, and 0.0 being minimum.
.IP
Example: set 5th envelope level to 10% - \fBenv_level[0-5]=\fP0.1
.PP
.IP "\fBenv_time\fP[\fI0-5\fP]\fB=\fP\fItime\fP"
Set the envelope time to \fItime\fP with a resolution of 1/1000th of a second. This setting is the time it should take for the envelope to reach maximum level.
.IP
Example: set 1st enevelope time to 1sec - \fBenv_time0=\fP1000
.IP
Example: set 3rd enevelope time to 0.5secs- \fBenv_time2=\fP500
.RE
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR WildMidi_GetString (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Init (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_MasterVolume (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Open (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_OpenBuffer (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_SetOption (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetOutput (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetInfo (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_FastSeek (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_SampledSeek (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Close (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Shutdown (3) ,
.BR wildmidi (1)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Chris Ison <wildcode@users.sourceforge.net>
.PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2001-2010 Chris Ison
.PP
This file is part of WildMIDI.
.PP
WildMIDI is free software: you can redistribute and/or modify the player under the terms of the GNU General Public License and you can redistribute and/or modify the library under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the licenses, or(at your option) any later version.
.PP
WildMIDI is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License along with WildMIDI. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.PP
