.TH WildMidi_SampledSeek 3 "05 June 2010" "" "WildMidi Programmer's Manual"
.SH NAME
WildMidi_SampledSeek \- Move to a position in a midi file
.PP
.SH LIBRARY
.B libWildMidi
.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B #include <wildmidi_lib.h>
.PP
.B int WildMidi_SampledSeek (midi *\fIhandle\fP, unsigned short int *\fIsample_pos\fP)
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
Process midi as if \fBWildMidi_GetOutput\fP\fR(3)\fP had been called until \fIsample_pos\fP samples from the beginning has been reached, but without returning the audio data. The next call to \fBWildMidi_GetOutput\fP\fR(3)\fP will behave as if you had been calling it all along, except reverb which restarted from this point if enabled. 
.PP
.IP \fIhandle\fP
The indentifier obtained from opening a midi file with \fBWildMidi_Open\fR(3)\fP or \fBWildMidi_OpenBuffer\fR(3)\fP
.PP
.IP \fIsample_pos\fI
The number of samples from the beginning you want libWildMidi to seek to.
.PP
NOTE: significant delay can occur when using this function. You can expect even more delay if you select a position thats already been passed forcing the library to start from the beginning.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR WildMidi_GetString (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Init (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_MasterVolume (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Open (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_OpenBuffer (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_SetOption (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetOutput (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_GetInfo (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_FastSeek (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Close (3) ,
.BR WildMidi_Shutdown (3) ,
.BR wildmidi (1) ,
.BR wildmidi.cfg (5)
.PP
.SH AUTHOR
Chris Ison <wildcode@users.sourceforge.net>
PP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2001-2010 Chris Ison
.PP
This file is part of WildMIDI.
.PP
WildMIDI is free software: you can redistribute and/or modify the player under the terms of the GNU General Public License and you can redistribute and/or modify the library under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the licenses, or(at your option) any later version.
.PP
WildMIDI is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General Public License along with WildMIDI. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.PP
